So, guys, we have already discussed the implementation of steps from one to four, now let us see
that what are the changes we need to do in our application seesaws file so that our application would
be able to harness the benefits of programmable doubly linked list library.
So you can see that I am in this directory that is library designing, programmable lab slash search
callbacks.
In this directory path, you can open the file application doxy.
Right?
So this file represents our application.
So I have not made any changes in this source file except some changes in the main function.
So you can see that in our main functions, like before we have created we have created three student
records.
Right.
And in order to store these three student records, we have created a link list.
Now we will register the matching function for the student structure with the library.
We will do this by calling the function register key match callback function, which we have already
implemented in our library.
So what will this function do?
This function will tell the library to make use of this matching function.
In order to locate the entrusted data while traversing over a list, right, and after that, as usual,
we add all the student objects in our library.
Now you can see that in this line we can simply invoke the function, dial and search by keep right
and pass the pointer to the link list in which we need to locate the intrusted data and pass the key
value based on which we need to locate the data.
Right.
So this function will take care in order to locate the correct data.
And of course, behind the scenes, the library will make use of this key matching function in order
to find the interesting data in the linked list.
Right, so you can see that the things have been simplified and the logic is now being executed on the
liability side instead of application side.
Do you see any for loop here?
No.
Right.
Exact same explanation applies to the list holding the employer's data.
So the takeaway is that we have offloaded the search operation to the library, aside from the application
site.
It is our library that is attracting over all the notes of the list and for each record that is held
by the linked list.
The library is making use of this key matching function in order to locate the entrusted data based
on a key value.
So in other words, we have programmed the library and we have thought that this library how to locate
the entrusted data based on a key.